acsatlos acsatlos Shalker05

HEADER:

Allows login, if not already logged in.

Quiz game: redirects to home page

Create: redirects to create page.

Join: redirects to join page.

Return Current Game: returns user to game he's joined

Profile button: opens profile panel. Can get to games created by the user.
Admins can go to admin page (currently adding questions only).
Logout button logs the user out and redirects to home page.

HOMEPAGE:
Currently empty

CREATE GAME:
-choose questions for the quiz:
selecting and deleting one at a time and everyone working properly.
selecting removes from table and adds to selected table
deleting from chosen questions table reverses the process by deleting from table and sending a filter request
set duration of quiz

-filtering:
sends an AJAX request to the server to only give back results that are fit for the search criteria
(currenty question id and question text works, other options will work after proper implementation of groups)

filter toggle button inside question selector at the rightmost top row hides and shows filter menu

-add custom questions:(only visible for admins)
displays and hides question creation form
(form is planned to add custom question to the quiz and option to upload it to database at will)

-Name is required in order for the quiz otherwise error message is shown (questions lost in this case)

practice button redirects to the game and flags the game in the database as not visible.
Create button redirects to the games master page

GAME:
Displays questions one at a time. Back, previous, and submit buttons appear only when they should.
Submit button redirects to scores page

SCORES:
simply shows all questions with right answers and the users given answers.
Ok button redirects to home and delets the question from database.

GAME LOBBY:
shows game data
creator or admin can start game, kick out users, delete game

JOIN:
shows games that are flagged with visible. Displays name and creator. Creator cand delete his own games.
Admins can delet any game.
join button redirects users to a gamelobby and adds them to the game.
Join by token: games now have a hash of their names. Gamecreator can see it on the masterpage.
Users can join game by given gametoken
If you join another game, you'll be droped out of the last one

MYGAMES:
displays games that belongs to the user even if they are flagged as visible.
a master page button, that goes back to user's created game where it can be started or deleted
deleting game clears the game from all joined users data


ADMIN: (will be add_questions page)
only for admins
can upload questions.
question and answer fields are required
question group selection or giving new one is required, but only one of them can be present
all cases are checked and feed back with error messages.